does it depress you Commissioner to know
just how alone you really are doesn't
make you feel responsible for Harvey
Dent's current predicament where is he
what's the time what difference does
that make
well depending on the time he may be in
one spot or several
if we're gonna play games I'm gonna need
a cup of coffee the good cop bad cop
routine not exactly never start with the
head the victim gets all fuzzy you can't
feel the next see you wanted me you're I
am I wanted to see what you do and you
didn't disappoint you let five people
die then you let them take your place
even to a guy like me that's cold worst
end those mob fools want you gone so
they can get back to the way things were
but I know the truth there's no going
back
you've changed things forever and why do
you want to kill me I'm gonna kill you
what would I do without you go back to
ripping off my dealers no no no no you
you will complete me your garbage your
kills for money don't talk like one of
them you're not even if you'd like to be
to them you're just a freak like me they
need you right now when they don't
they'll cast you out like a leper you
see their morals their code it's a bad
joke we've dropped at the first sign of
trouble the only as good as the world
that allows them to be I'll show you
when the chips are down these are these
civilized people they'll eat each other
see I'm not a monster
I'm just ahead of the curve
you think I'll save you right to know
the truth which is the only sensible way
to live in this world is without rules
and tonight you're gonna break your one
rule I'm considering it no there's only
minutes less you're gonna have to play
my little game what you want to save one
of them yeah
you know for a while there I thought you
really were down the way you were
through yourself after
what look at you go
because Harvey know about you and his
little chillin is making for the other
and that's the point he'll have the
choosers he's at 250 52nd Street and
she's on heaven wax